.TH "engine::core::line3d" 3 "29 Jul 2006" "LTE 3D Engine" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
engine::core::line3d \- 3D line between two points with intersection methods.  

.PP
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
\fC#include <line3d.h>\fP
.PP
.SS "Public Member Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "f32 \fBgetLength\fP () const "
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "f32 \fBgetLengthSQ\fP () const "
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBvector3d\fP< T > \fBgetMiddle\fP () const "
.br
.RI "\fIReturns middle of line. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBvector3d\fP< T > \fBgetVector\fP () const "
.br
.RI "\fIReturns vector of line. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "bool \fBisPointBetweenStartAndEnd\fP (const \fBvector3d\fP< T > &point) const "
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBvector3d\fP< T > \fBgetClosestPoint\fP (const \fBvector3d\fP< T > &point) const "
.br
.RI "\fIReturns the closest point on this line to a point. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "bool \fBgetIntersectionWithSphere\fP (\fBvector3d\fP< T > sorigin, T sradius, f32 &outdistance)"
.br
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 

.SS "template<class T> class engine::core::line3d< T >"
3D line between two points with intersection methods. 
.PP
.SH "Member Function Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "template<class T> bool \fBengine::core::line3d\fP< T >::getIntersectionWithSphere (\fBvector3d\fP< T > sorigin, T sradius, f32 & outdistance)\fC [inline]\fP"
.PP
Returns if the line intersects with a shpere 
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIsorigin,:\fP Origin of the shpere. 
.br
\fIsradius,:\fP Radius if the sphere. 
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
Returns true if there is an intersection. If there is one, the distance to the first intersection point is stored in outdistance. 
.RE
.PP

.SS "template<class T> f32 \fBengine::core::line3d\fP< T >::getLength () const\fC [inline]\fP"
.PP
Returns length of line 
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
Returns length of line. 
.RE
.PP

.SS "template<class T> f32 \fBengine::core::line3d\fP< T >::getLengthSQ () const\fC [inline]\fP"
.PP
Returns sqared length of line 
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
Returns sqared length of line. 
.RE
.PP

.SS "template<class T> bool \fBengine::core::line3d\fP< T >::isPointBetweenStartAndEnd (const \fBvector3d\fP< T > & point) const\fC [inline]\fP"
.PP
Returns if the overgiven point is between start and end of the line. Assumes that the point is already somewhere on the line. 

.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for LTE 3D Engine from the source code.
