.TH "engine::scene::SMeshBuffer" 3 "29 Jul 2006" "LTE 3D Engine" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
engine::scene::SMeshBuffer \- Simple implementation of the \fBIMeshBuffer\fP interface with S3DVertex vertices.  

.PP
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
\fC#include <SMeshBuffer.h>\fP
.PP
Inherits \fBengine::scene::IMeshBuffer\fP.
.PP
.SS "Public Member Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBSMeshBuffer\fP ()"
.br
.RI "\fIconstructor \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "\fB~SMeshBuffer\fP ()"
.br
.RI "\fIdestructor \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual const \fBvideo::SMaterial\fP & \fBgetMaterial\fP () const "
.br
.RI "\fIreturns the material of this meshbuffer \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual \fBvideo::SMaterial\fP & \fBgetMaterial\fP ()"
.br
.RI "\fIreturns the material of this meshbuffer \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual const void * \fBgetVertices\fP () const "
.br
.RI "\fIreturns pointer to vertices \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual void * \fBgetVertices\fP ()"
.br
.RI "\fIreturns pointer to vertices \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual s32 \fBgetVertexCount\fP () const "
.br
.RI "\fIreturns amount of vertices \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual const u16 * \fBgetIndices\fP () const "
.br
.RI "\fIreturns pointer to Indices \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual u16 * \fBgetIndices\fP ()"
.br
.RI "\fIreturns pointer to Indices \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual s32 \fBgetIndexCount\fP () const "
.br
.RI "\fIreturns amount of indices \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual const \fBcore::aabbox3d\fP< f32 > & \fBgetBoundingBox\fP () const "
.br
.RI "\fIreturns an axis aligned bounding box \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual \fBcore::aabbox3d\fP< f32 > & \fBgetBoundingBox\fP ()"
.br
.RI "\fIreturns an axis aligned bounding box \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBrecalculateBoundingBox\fP ()"
.br
.RI "\fIrecalculates the bounding box. should be called if the mesh changed. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual \fBvideo::E_VERTEX_TYPE\fP \fBgetVertexType\fP () const "
.br
.RI "\fIreturns which type of vertex data is stored. \fP"
.in -1c
.SS "Public Attributes"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBcore::array\fP< \fBvideo::S3DVertex\fP > \fBVertices\fP"
.br
.RI "\fImaterial for this meshBuffer. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBcore::array\fP< u16 > \fBIndices\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIArray of vertices. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBcore::aabbox3d\fP< f32 > \fBBoundingBox\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIArray of the Indices. \fP"
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 
Simple implementation of the \fBIMeshBuffer\fP interface with S3DVertex vertices. 
.PP


.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for LTE 3D Engine from the source code.
