.TH "engine::scene::IMesh" 3 "29 Jul 2006" "LTE 3D Engine" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
engine::scene::IMesh \- Class for accessing a mesh with multiple mesh buffers.  

.PP
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
\fC#include <IMesh.h>\fP
.PP
Inherits \fBengine::IUnknown\fP.
.PP
Inherited by \fBengine::scene::SMesh\fP.
.PP
.SS "Public Member Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual \fB~IMesh\fP ()"
.br
.RI "\fIdestructor \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual s32 \fBgetMeshBufferCount\fP ()=0"
.br
.RI "\fIReturns the amount of mesh buffers. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual \fBIMeshBuffer\fP * \fBgetMeshBuffer\fP (s32 nr)=0"
.br
.RI "\fIReturns pointer to a mesh buffer. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual const \fBcore::aabbox3d\fP< f32 > & \fBgetBoundingBox\fP () const =0"
.br
.RI "\fIReturns an axis aligned bounding box of the mesh. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual \fBcore::aabbox3d\fP< f32 > & \fBgetBoundingBox\fP ()=0"
.br
.RI "\fIReturns an axis aligned bounding box of the mesh. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual void \fBsetMaterialFlag\fP (\fBvideo::E_MATERIAL_FLAG\fP flag, bool newvalue)=0"
.br
.RI "\fISets a flag of all contained materials to a new value. \fP"
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 
Class for accessing a mesh with multiple mesh buffers. 

An \fBIMesh\fP is nothing more than a collection of some mesh buffers (\fBIMeshBuffer\fP). \fBSMesh\fP is a simple implementation of an \fBIMesh\fP. 
.PP
.SH "Member Function Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "virtual \fBcore::aabbox3d\fP<f32>& engine::scene::IMesh::getBoundingBox ()\fC [pure virtual]\fP"
.PP
Returns an axis aligned bounding box of the mesh. 
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
A bounding box of this mesh is returned. 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Implemented in \fBengine::scene::SMesh\fP.
.SS "virtual const \fBcore::aabbox3d\fP<f32>& engine::scene::IMesh::getBoundingBox () const\fC [pure virtual]\fP"
.PP
Returns an axis aligned bounding box of the mesh. 
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
A bounding box of this mesh is returned. 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Implemented in \fBengine::scene::SMesh\fP.
.SS "virtual \fBIMeshBuffer\fP* engine::scene::IMesh::getMeshBuffer (s32 nr)\fC [pure virtual]\fP"
.PP
Returns pointer to a mesh buffer. 
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIZero\fP based index of the mesh buffer. The maximum value is \fBgetMeshBufferCount()\fP - 1; 
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
Returns the pointer to the mesh buffer or NULL if there is no such mesh buffer. 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Implemented in \fBengine::scene::SMesh\fP.
.SS "virtual s32 engine::scene::IMesh::getMeshBufferCount ()\fC [pure virtual]\fP"
.PP
Returns the amount of mesh buffers. 
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
Returns the amount of mesh buffers (\fBIMeshBuffer\fP) in this mesh. 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Implemented in \fBengine::scene::SMesh\fP.
.SS "virtual void engine::scene::IMesh::setMaterialFlag (\fBvideo::E_MATERIAL_FLAG\fP flag, bool newvalue)\fC [pure virtual]\fP"
.PP
Sets a flag of all contained materials to a new value. 
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIflag,:\fP Flag to set in all materials. 
.br
\fInewvalue,:\fP New value to set in all materials. 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Implemented in \fBengine::scene::SMesh\fP.

.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for LTE 3D Engine from the source code.
