.TH "engine::video::SLight" 3 "29 Jul 2006" "LTE 3D Engine" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
engine::video::SLight \- structure for holding data describing a dynamic point light.  

.PP
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
\fC#include <SLight.h>\fP
.PP
.SS "Public Attributes"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBSColorf\fP \fBAmbientColor\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIAmbient color emitted by the light. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBSColorf\fP \fBDiffuseColor\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIDiffuse color emitted by the light. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBSColorf\fP \fBSpecularColor\fP"
.br
.RI "\fISpecular color emitted by the light. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBcore::vector3df\fP \fBPosition\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIPosition of the light. If Type is ELT_DIRECTIONAL, this is the direction vector the light is coming from. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "f32 \fBRadius\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIRadius of light. Everything within this radius be be lighted. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "bool \fBCastShadows\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIDoes the light cast shadows? \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBE_LIGHT_TYPE\fP \fBType\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIType of the light. Default: ELT_POINT. \fP"
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 
structure for holding data describing a dynamic point light. 

ambient light and point lights are the only light supported by the engine engine. 
.PP
.SH "Member Data Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "\fBSColorf\fP \fBengine::video::SLight::DiffuseColor\fP"
.PP
Diffuse color emitted by the light. 
.PP
This is the primary color you might want to set. 
.SS "\fBSColorf\fP \fBengine::video::SLight::SpecularColor\fP"
.PP
Specular color emitted by the light. 
.PP
For details how to use specular highlights, see \fBSMaterial::Shininess\fP 

.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for LTE 3D Engine from the source code.
