.TH "C:/EngineSDK/include/engineXML.h" 3 "29 Jul 2006" "LTE 3D Engine" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
C:/EngineSDK/include/engineXML.h \- Header file of the engineXML, the engine XML parser. 
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
\fC#include <stdio.h>\fP
.br

.SS "Namespaces"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "namespace \fBengine\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "namespace \fBengine::io\fP"
.br
.in -1c
.SS "Classes"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "class \fBengine::io::IFileReadCallBack\fP"
.br
.RI "\fICallback class for file read abstraction. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "class \fBengine::io::IXMLBase\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIEmpty class to be used as parent class for engineXMLReader. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "class \fBengine::io::IengineXMLReader< char_type, super_class >\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIInterface providing easy read access to a XML file. \fP"
.in -1c
.SS "Typedefs"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "typedef unsigned short \fBengine::io::char16\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIdefines the utf-16 type. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "typedef unsigned long \fBengine::io::char32\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIdefines the utf-32 type. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "typedef IengineXMLReader< char, IXMLBase > \fBengine::io::engineXMLReader\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIA UTF-8 or ASCII character xml parser. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "typedef IengineXMLReader< \fBchar16\fP, IXMLBase > \fBengine::io::engineXMLReaderUTF16\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIA UTF-16 xml parser. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "typedef IengineXMLReader< \fBchar32\fP, IXMLBase > \fBengine::io::engineXMLReaderUTF32\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIA UTF-32 xml parser. \fP"
.in -1c
.SS "Enumerations"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "enum \fBengine::io::ETEXT_FORMAT\fP { \fBengine::io::ETF_ASCII\fP, \fBengine::io::ETF_UTF8\fP, \fBengine::io::ETF_UTF16_BE\fP, \fBengine::io::ETF_UTF16_LE\fP, \fBengine::io::ETF_UTF32_BE\fP, \fBengine::io::ETF_UTF32_LE\fP }"
.br
.RI "\fIEnumeration of all supported source text file formats. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "enum \fBengine::io::EXML_NODE\fP { \fBengine::io::EXN_NONE\fP, \fBengine::io::EXN_ELEMENT\fP, \fBengine::io::EXN_ELEMENT_END\fP, \fBengine::io::EXN_TEXT\fP, \fBengine::io::EXN_COMMENT\fP, \fBengine::io::EXN_CDATA\fP, \fBengine::io::EXN_UNKNOWN\fP }"
.br
.RI "\fIEnumeration for all xml nodes which are parsed by engineXMLReader. \fP"
.in -1c
.SS "Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBengineXMLReader\fP * \fBengine::io::createengineXMLReader\fP (const char *filename)"
.br
.RI "\fICreates an instance of an UFT-8 or ASCII character xml parser. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBengineXMLReader\fP * \fBengine::io::createengineXMLReader\fP (FILE *file)"
.br
.RI "\fICreates an instance of an UFT-8 or ASCII character xml parser. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBengineXMLReader\fP * \fBengine::io::createengineXMLReader\fP (IFileReadCallBack *callback)"
.br
.RI "\fICreates an instance of an UFT-8 or ASCII character xml parser. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBengineXMLReaderUTF16\fP * \fBengine::io::createengineXMLReaderUTF16\fP (const char *filename)"
.br
.RI "\fICreates an instance of an UFT-16 xml parser. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBengineXMLReaderUTF16\fP * \fBengine::io::createengineXMLReaderUTF16\fP (FILE *file)"
.br
.RI "\fICreates an instance of an UFT-16 xml parser. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBengineXMLReaderUTF16\fP * \fBengine::io::createengineXMLReaderUTF16\fP (IFileReadCallBack *callback)"
.br
.RI "\fICreates an instance of an UFT-16 xml parser. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBengineXMLReaderUTF32\fP * \fBengine::io::createengineXMLReaderUTF32\fP (const char *filename)"
.br
.RI "\fICreates an instance of an UFT-32 xml parser. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBengineXMLReaderUTF32\fP * \fBengine::io::createengineXMLReaderUTF32\fP (FILE *file)"
.br
.RI "\fICreates an instance of an UFT-32 xml parser. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBengineXMLReaderUTF32\fP * \fBengine::io::createengineXMLReaderUTF32\fP (IFileReadCallBack *callback)"
.br
.RI "\fICreates an instance of an UFT-32 xml parser. \fP"
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 
Header file of the engineXML, the engine XML parser. 

This file includes everything needed for using engineXML, the XML parser of the engine Engine. To use engineXML, you only need to include this file in your project:
.PP
.PP
.nf
        #include <engineXML.h>
.fi
.PP
.PP
It is also common to use the two namespaces in which engineXML is included, directly after including \fBengineXML.h\fP:
.PP
.PP
.nf
        #include <engineXML.h>
        using namespace engine;
        using namespace io;
.fi
.PP
 
.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for LTE 3D Engine from the source code.
