.TH "engine::scene::IAnimatedMeshMD2" 3 "29 Jul 2006" "LTE 3D Engine" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
engine::scene::IAnimatedMeshMD2 \- Interface for using some special functions of MD2 meshes.  

.PP
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
\fC#include <IAnimatedMeshMD2.h>\fP
.PP
Inherits \fBengine::scene::IAnimatedMesh\fP.
.PP
.SS "Public Member Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual void \fBgetFrameLoop\fP (\fBEMD2_ANIMATION_TYPE\fP l, s32 &outBegin, s32 &outEnd, s32 &outFPS) const =0"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual bool \fBgetFrameLoop\fP (const c8 *name, s32 &outBegin, s32 &outEnd, s32 &outFps) const =0"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual s32 \fBgetAnimationCount\fP () const =0"
.br
.RI "\fIReturns amount of md2 animations in this file. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual const c8 * \fBgetAnimationName\fP (s32 nr) const =0"
.br
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 
Interface for using some special functions of MD2 meshes. 
.PP
.SH "Member Function Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "virtual const c8* engine::scene::IAnimatedMeshMD2::getAnimationName (s32 nr) const\fC [pure virtual]\fP"
.PP
Returns name of md2 animation. 
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fInr,:\fP Zero based index of animation. 
.RE
.PP

.SS "virtual bool engine::scene::IAnimatedMeshMD2::getFrameLoop (const c8 * name, s32 & outBegin, s32 & outEnd, s32 & outFps) const\fC [pure virtual]\fP"
.PP
Returns frame loop data for a special MD2 animation type, identified by a string. 
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
Returns the beginframe, endframe and frames per second for a special MD2 animation type. 
.RE
.PP

.SS "virtual void engine::scene::IAnimatedMeshMD2::getFrameLoop (\fBEMD2_ANIMATION_TYPE\fP l, s32 & outBegin, s32 & outEnd, s32 & outFPS) const\fC [pure virtual]\fP"
.PP
Returns frame loop data for a default MD2 animation type. 
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
Returns the beginframe, endframe and frames per second for a default MD2 animation type. 
.RE
.PP


.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for LTE 3D Engine from the source code.
