.TH "engine::io::IFileList" 3 "29 Jul 2006" "LTE 3D Engine" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
engine::io::IFileList \- The Filelist lists all files in a directory.  

.PP
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
\fC#include <IFileList.h>\fP
.PP
Inherits \fBengine::IUnknown\fP.
.PP
.SS "Public Member Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual \fB~IFileList\fP ()"
.br
.RI "\fIdestructor \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual s32 \fBgetFileCount\fP ()=0"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual const c8 * \fBgetFileName\fP (s32 index)=0"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual const c8 * \fBgetFullFileName\fP (s32 index)=0"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual bool \fBisDirectory\fP (s32 index)=0"
.br
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 
The Filelist lists all files in a directory. 
.PP
.SH "Member Function Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "virtual s32 engine::io::IFileList::getFileCount ()\fC [pure virtual]\fP"
.PP
Returns the amount of files in the filelist. 
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
Returns the amount of files and directories in the file list. 
.RE
.PP

.SS "virtual const c8* engine::io::IFileList::getFileName (s32 index)\fC [pure virtual]\fP"
.PP
Gets the name of a file in the list, based on an index. The path is not included in this name. Use getFullFileName for this. 
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIindex\fP is the zero based index of the file which name should be returned. The index has to be smaller than the amount \fBgetFileCount()\fP returns. 
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
Returns the file name of the file. Returns 0, if an error occured. 
.RE
.PP

.SS "virtual const c8* engine::io::IFileList::getFullFileName (s32 index)\fC [pure virtual]\fP"
.PP
Gets the full name of a file in the list, path included, based on an index. 
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIindex\fP is the zero based index of the file which name should be returned. The index has to be smaller than the amount \fBgetFileCount()\fP returns. 
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
Returns the file name of the file. Returns 0, if an error occured. 
.RE
.PP

.SS "virtual bool engine::io::IFileList::isDirectory (s32 index)\fC [pure virtual]\fP"
.PP
Returns of the file is a directory 
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIindex\fP is the zero based index of the file which name should be returned. The index has to be smaller than the amount \fBgetFileCount()\fP returns. 
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
Returns true, if the file is a directory, and false, if it is not. If an error occurs, the result is undefined. 
.RE
.PP


.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for LTE 3D Engine from the source code.
