.TH "engine::scene::IAnimatedMeshMS3D" 3 "29 Jul 2006" "LTE 3D Engine" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
engine::scene::IAnimatedMeshMS3D \- Interface for using some special functions of MS3D meshes.  

.PP
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
\fC#include <IAnimatedMeshMS3D.h>\fP
.PP
Inherits \fBengine::scene::IAnimatedMesh\fP.
.PP
.SS "Public Member Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual \fBcore::matrix4\fP * \fBgetMatrixOfJoint\fP (s32 jointNumber, s32 frame)=0"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual s32 \fBgetJointCount\fP () const =0"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual const c8 * \fBgetJointName\fP (s32 number) const =0"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual s32 \fBgetJointNumber\fP (const c8 *name) const =0"
.br
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 
Interface for using some special functions of MS3D meshes. 
.PP
.SH "Member Function Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "virtual s32 engine::scene::IAnimatedMeshMS3D::getJointCount () const\fC [pure virtual]\fP"
.PP
Gets joint count. 
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
Returns amount of joints in the skeletal animated mesh. 
.RE
.PP

.SS "virtual const c8* engine::scene::IAnimatedMeshMS3D::getJointName (s32 number) const\fC [pure virtual]\fP"
.PP
Gets the name of a joint. 
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fInumber,:\fP Zero based index of joint. The last joint has the number \fBIAnimatedMeshMS3D::getJointCount()\fP-1; 
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
Returns name of joint and null if an error happened. 
.RE
.PP

.SS "virtual s32 engine::scene::IAnimatedMeshMS3D::getJointNumber (const c8 * name) const\fC [pure virtual]\fP"
.PP
Gets a joint number from its name 
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIname,:\fP Name of the joint. 
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
Returns the number of the joint or -1 if not found. 
.RE
.PP

.SS "virtual \fBcore::matrix4\fP* engine::scene::IAnimatedMeshMS3D::getMatrixOfJoint (s32 jointNumber, s32 frame)\fC [pure virtual]\fP"
.PP
Returns a pointer to a transformation matrix of a part of the mesh based on a frame time. This is used for being able to attach objects to parts of animated meshes. For example a weapon to an animated hand. 
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIjointNumber,:\fP Zero based index of joint. The last joint has the number \fBIAnimatedMeshMS3D::getJointCount()\fP-1; 
.br
\fIframe,:\fP Frame of the animation. 
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
Returns a pointer to the matrix of the mesh part or null if an error occured. 
.RE
.PP


.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for LTE 3D Engine from the source code.
