.TH "engine::scene::SViewFrustrum" 3 "29 Jul 2006" "LTE 3D Engine" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
engine::scene::SViewFrustrum \- Defines the view frustrum. Thats the space viewed by the camera.  

.PP
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
\fC#include <SViewFrustrum.h>\fP
.PP
.SS "Public Types"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBVF_FAR_PLANE\fP = 0"
.br
.RI "\fIFar plane of the frustrum. Thats the plane farest away from the eye. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBVF_NEAR_PLANE\fP"
.br
.RI "\fINear plane of the frustrum. Thats the plane nearest to the eye. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBVF_LEFT_PLANE\fP"
.br
.RI "\fILeft plane of the frustrum. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBVF_RIGHT_PLANE\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIRight plane of the frustrum. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBVF_BOTTOM_PLANE\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIBottom plane of the frustrum. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBVF_TOP_PLANE\fP"
.br
.RI "\fITop plane of the frustrum. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBVF_PLANE_COUNT\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIAmount of planes enclosing the view frustum. Should be 6. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "enum \fBVFPLANES\fP { \fBVF_FAR_PLANE\fP =  0, \fBVF_NEAR_PLANE\fP, \fBVF_LEFT_PLANE\fP, \fBVF_RIGHT_PLANE\fP, \fBVF_BOTTOM_PLANE\fP, \fBVF_TOP_PLANE\fP, \fBVF_PLANE_COUNT\fP }"
.br
.in -1c
.SS "Public Member Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBSViewFrustrum\fP ()"
.br
.RI "\fIDefault Constructor. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBSViewFrustrum\fP (const \fBcore::matrix4\fP &mat)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBtransform\fP (const \fBcore::matrix4\fP &mat)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBcore::vector3df\fP \fBgetFarLeftUp\fP () const "
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBcore::vector3df\fP \fBgetFarLeftDown\fP () const "
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBcore::vector3df\fP \fBgetFarRightUp\fP () const "
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBcore::vector3df\fP \fBgetFarRightDown\fP () const "
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBcore::aabbox3d\fP< f32 > \fBgetBoundingBox\fP () const "
.br
.RI "\fIreturns a bounding box enclosing the whole view frustrum \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBrecalculateBoundingBox\fP ()"
.br
.RI "\fIrecalculates the bounding box member based on the planes \fP"
.in -1c
.SS "Public Attributes"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBcore::vector3df\fP \fBcameraPosition\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIthe position of the camera \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBcore::plane3d\fP< f32 > \fBplanes\fP [VF_PLANE_COUNT]"
.br
.RI "\fIall planes enclosing the view frustrum. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBcore::aabbox3d\fP< f32 > \fBboundingBox\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIbouding box around the view frustrum \fP"
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 
Defines the view frustrum. Thats the space viewed by the camera. 

The view frustrum is enclosed by 6 planes. These six planes share four points. A bounding box around these four points is also stored in this structure. 
.PP
.SH "Member Enumeration Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "enum \fBengine::scene::SViewFrustrum::VFPLANES\fP"
.PP
\fBEnumerator: \fP
.in +1c
.TP
\fB\fIVF_FAR_PLANE \fP\fP
Far plane of the frustrum. Thats the plane farest away from the eye. 
.TP
\fB\fIVF_NEAR_PLANE \fP\fP
Near plane of the frustrum. Thats the plane nearest to the eye. 
.TP
\fB\fIVF_LEFT_PLANE \fP\fP
Left plane of the frustrum. 
.TP
\fB\fIVF_RIGHT_PLANE \fP\fP
Right plane of the frustrum. 
.TP
\fB\fIVF_BOTTOM_PLANE \fP\fP
Bottom plane of the frustrum. 
.TP
\fB\fIVF_TOP_PLANE \fP\fP
Top plane of the frustrum. 
.TP
\fB\fIVF_PLANE_COUNT \fP\fP
Amount of planes enclosing the view frustum. Should be 6. 
.SH "Constructor & Destructor Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "engine::scene::SViewFrustrum::SViewFrustrum (const \fBcore::matrix4\fP & mat)"
.PP
This constructor creates a view frustrum based on a projection and/or view matrix. 
.SH "Member Function Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "\fBcore::vector3df\fP engine::scene::SViewFrustrum::getFarLeftDown () const"
.PP
returns the point which is on the far left bottom corner inside the the view frustrum. 
.SS "\fBcore::vector3df\fP engine::scene::SViewFrustrum::getFarLeftUp () const"
.PP
returns the point which is on the far left upper corner inside the the view frustrum. 
.SS "\fBcore::vector3df\fP engine::scene::SViewFrustrum::getFarRightDown () const"
.PP
returns the point which is on the far right bottom corner inside the the view frustrum. 
.SS "\fBcore::vector3df\fP engine::scene::SViewFrustrum::getFarRightUp () const"
.PP
returns the point which is on the far right top corner inside the the view frustrum. 
.SS "void engine::scene::SViewFrustrum::transform (const \fBcore::matrix4\fP & mat)"
.PP
transforms the furstum by the matrix 
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIMatrix\fP by which the view frustrum is transformed. 
.RE
.PP


.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for LTE 3D Engine from the source code.
