.TH "engine::gui::IGUIEditBox" 3 "29 Jul 2006" "LTE 3D Engine" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
engine::gui::IGUIEditBox \- Single line edit box for editing simple text.  

.PP
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
\fC#include <IGUIEditBox.h>\fP
.PP
Inherits \fBengine::gui::IGUIElement\fP.
.PP
.SS "Public Member Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBIGUIEditBox\fP (\fBIGUIEnvironment\fP *environment, \fBIGUIElement\fP *parent, s32 id, \fBcore::rect\fP< s32 > rectangle)"
.br
.RI "\fIconstructor \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "\fB~IGUIEditBox\fP ()"
.br
.RI "\fIdestructor \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual void \fBsetOverrideFont\fP (\fBIGUIFont\fP *font=0)=0"
.br
.RI "\fISets another skin independent font. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual void \fBsetOverrideColor\fP (\fBvideo::SColor\fP color)=0"
.br
.RI "\fISets another color for the text. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual void \fBenableOverrideColor\fP (bool enable)=0"
.br
.RI "\fISets if the text should use the overide color or the color in the gui skin. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual void \fBsetMax\fP (s32 max)=0"
.br
.RI "\fISets the maximum amount of characters which may be entered in the box. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual s32 \fBgetMax\fP ()=0"
.br
.RI "\fIReturns maximum amount of characters, previously set by \fBsetMax()\fP;. \fP"
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 
Single line edit box for editing simple text. 
.PP
.SH "Member Function Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "virtual void engine::gui::IGUIEditBox::enableOverrideColor (bool enable)\fC [pure virtual]\fP"
.PP
Sets if the text should use the overide color or the color in the gui skin. 
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIenable,:\fP If set to true, the override color, which can be set with \fBIGUIEditBox::setOverrideColor\fP is used, otherwise the EGDC_BUTTON_TEXT color of the skin. 
.RE
.PP

.SS "virtual void engine::gui::IGUIEditBox::setMax (s32 max)\fC [pure virtual]\fP"
.PP
Sets the maximum amount of characters which may be entered in the box. 
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fImax,:\fP Maximum amount of characters. If 0, the character amount is infinity. 
.RE
.PP

.SS "virtual void engine::gui::IGUIEditBox::setOverrideColor (\fBvideo::SColor\fP color)\fC [pure virtual]\fP"
.PP
Sets another color for the text. 
.PP
If set, the edit box does not use the EGDC_BUTTON_TEXT color defined in the skin, but the set color instead. You don't need to call IGUIEditBox::enableOverrrideColor(true) after this, this is done by this function. If you set a color, and you want the text displayed with the color of the skin again, call IGUIEditBox::enableOverrideColor(false); 
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIcolor,:\fP New color of the text. 
.RE
.PP

.SS "virtual void engine::gui::IGUIEditBox::setOverrideFont (\fBIGUIFont\fP * font = \fC0\fP)\fC [pure virtual]\fP"
.PP
Sets another skin independent font. 
.PP
If this is set to zero, the button uses the font of the skin. 
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIfont,:\fP New font to set. 
.RE
.PP


.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for LTE 3D Engine from the source code.
