.TH "engine::scene::IMetaTriangleSelector" 3 "29 Jul 2006" "LTE 3D Engine" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
engine::scene::IMetaTriangleSelector \- Interface for making multiple triangle selectors work as one big selector.  

.PP
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
\fC#include <IMetaTriangleSelector.h>\fP
.PP
Inherits \fBengine::scene::ITriangleSelector\fP.
.PP
.SS "Public Member Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual void \fBaddTriangleSelector\fP (\fBITriangleSelector\fP *toAdd)=0"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual bool \fBremoveTriangleSelector\fP (\fBITriangleSelector\fP *toRemove)=0"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual void \fBremoveAllTriangleSelectors\fP ()=0"
.br
.RI "\fIRemoves all triangle selectors from the collection. \fP"
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 
Interface for making multiple triangle selectors work as one big selector. 

This is nothing more than a collection of one or more triangle selectors providing together the interface of one triangle selector. In this way, collision tests can be done with different triangle soups in one pass. 
.PP
.SH "Member Function Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "virtual void engine::scene::IMetaTriangleSelector::addTriangleSelector (\fBITriangleSelector\fP * toAdd)\fC [pure virtual]\fP"
.PP
Adds a triangle selector to the collection of triangle selectors in this metaTriangleSelector. 
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fItoAdd,:\fP Pointer to an triangle selector to add to the list. 
.RE
.PP

.SS "virtual bool engine::scene::IMetaTriangleSelector::removeTriangleSelector (\fBITriangleSelector\fP * toRemove)\fC [pure virtual]\fP"
.PP
Removes a specific triangle selector which was added before from the collection. 
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fItoRemove,:\fP Pointer to an triangle selector which is in the list but will be removed. 
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
Returns true if successful, false if not. 
.RE
.PP


.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for LTE 3D Engine from the source code.
