.TH "engine::gui::IGUIListBox" 3 "29 Jul 2006" "LTE 3D Engine" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
engine::gui::IGUIListBox \- Default list box GUI element.  

.PP
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
\fC#include <IGUIListBox.h>\fP
.PP
Inherits \fBengine::gui::IGUIElement\fP.
.PP
.SS "Public Member Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBIGUIListBox\fP (\fBIGUIEnvironment\fP *environment, \fBIGUIElement\fP *parent, s32 id, \fBcore::rect\fP< s32 > rectangle)"
.br
.RI "\fIconstructor \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "\fB~IGUIListBox\fP ()"
.br
.RI "\fIdestructor \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual s32 \fBgetItemCount\fP ()=0"
.br
.RI "\fIreturns amount of list items \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual const wchar_t * \fBgetListItem\fP (s32 id)=0"
.br
.RI "\fIreturns string of a list item. the may id be a value from 0 to itemCount-1 \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual s32 \fBaddItem\fP (const wchar_t *text)=0"
.br
.RI "\fIadds an list item, returns id of item \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual s32 \fBaddItem\fP (const wchar_t *text, const wchar_t *icon)=0"
.br
.RI "\fIadds an list item with an icon. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual void \fBsetIconFont\fP (\fBIGUIFont\fP *font)=0"
.br
.RI "\fISets the font which should be used as icon font. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual void \fBclear\fP ()=0"
.br
.RI "\fIclears the list, deletes all items in the listbox \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual s32 \fBgetSelected\fP ()=0"
.br
.RI "\fIreturns id of selected item. returns -1 if no item is selected. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual void \fBsetSelected\fP (s32 id)=0"
.br
.RI "\fIsets the selected item. Set this to -1 if no item should be selected \fP"
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 
Default list box GUI element. 
.PP
.SH "Member Function Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "virtual s32 engine::gui::IGUIListBox::addItem (const wchar_t * text, const wchar_t * icon)\fC [pure virtual]\fP"
.PP
adds an list item with an icon. 
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fItext\fP Text of list entry 
.br
\fIicon\fP Text of the Icon. This text can be for example one of the texts defined in GUIIcons.h. 
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
returns the id of the new created item 
.RE
.PP

.SS "virtual void engine::gui::IGUIListBox::setIconFont (\fBIGUIFont\fP * font)\fC [pure virtual]\fP"
.PP
Sets the font which should be used as icon font. 
.PP
This font is set to the engine engine built-in-font by default. Icons can be displayed in front of every list item. An icon is a string, displayed with the icon font. When using the build-in-font of the engine engine as icon font, the icon strings defined in GUIIcons.h can be used. 

.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for LTE 3D Engine from the source code.
