.TH "engine::audio::IAudioSound" 3 "29 Jul 2006" "LTE 3D Engine" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
engine::audio::IAudioSound \- Audio sound.  

.PP
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
\fC#include <IAudioDriver.h>\fP
.PP
Inherits \fBengine::IUnknown\fP.
.PP
.SS "Public Member Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual void \fBplay\fP ()"
.br
.RI "\fIStart playing the sound. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual void \fBstop\fP ()"
.br
.RI "\fIStop the sound. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual void \fBpause\fP ()"
.br
.RI "\fIPause the sound. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual void \fBrewind\fP ()"
.br
.RI "\fIRewind the sound. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual bool \fBisPlaying\fP ()"
.br
.RI "\fIReturns true if the sound is playing. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual void \fBsetVolume\fP (s32 vol)"
.br
.RI "\fISets the volume of this sound. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual void \fBsetVolume\fP (s32 volLeft, s32 volRight)"
.br
.RI "\fISets the volume of this sound in stereo mode. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual bool \fBsetPosition\fP (s32 millisec)"
.br
.RI "\fIReturns true if the position was changed, value is in ms. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual s32 \fBgetPosition\fP ()"
.br
.RI "\fIReturns the current position in ms. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual s32 \fBgetLoopCount\fP ()"
.br
.RI "\fIReturns the count of loops. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual void \fBsetLoopCount\fP (s32 loop)"
.br
.RI "\fISets the num of loops. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual s32 \fBgetPlayCount\fP ()"
.br
.RI "\fIReturns the num of times the sound is played. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual const ISoundInfo * \fBgetSoundInfo\fP () const "
.br
.RI "\fIReturns the pointer to the sound spec / tags. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual void \fBgetTimeValue\fP (s32 millisec, s32 *hour, s32 *mins, s32 *secs, s32 *ms)"
.br
.RI "\fIGet mins, secs, and ms from millisec. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual \fBcore::stringw\fP \fBgetFormatString\fP (s32 millisec)"
.br
.RI "\fIReturns millisec formatted as hh:mm:ss.millisec. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual \fBcore::stringw\fP \fBgetStringDuration\fP ()"
.br
.RI "\fIReturns a formatted string of the duration. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual \fBcore::stringw\fP \fBgetStringPosition\fP ()"
.br
.RI "\fIReturns a formatted string of the position. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual bool \fBunpack\fP ()"
.br
.RI "\fIUnpacks an MP3 stream to make execution faster. \fP"
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 
Audio sound. 
.PP
.SH "Member Function Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "virtual void engine::audio::IAudioSound::setLoopCount (s32 loop)\fC [virtual]\fP"
.PP
Sets the num of loops. 
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIloop,:\fP -1 = infinite, 0 = 1 = no loop, > 1 loops 
.RE
.PP

.SS "virtual bool engine::audio::IAudioSound::setPosition (s32 millisec)\fC [virtual]\fP"
.PP
Returns true if the position was changed, value is in ms. 
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fImillisec,:\fP time in milliseconds 
.RE
.PP

.SS "virtual void engine::audio::IAudioSound::setVolume (s32 volLeft, s32 volRight)\fC [virtual]\fP"
.PP
Sets the volume of this sound in stereo mode. 
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIvolLeft,:\fP volume of the left speaker (value between 0 and 100) 
.br
\fIvolRight,:\fP volume of the right speaker (value between 0 and 100) 
.RE
.PP

.SS "virtual void engine::audio::IAudioSound::setVolume (s32 vol)\fC [virtual]\fP"
.PP
Sets the volume of this sound. 
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIvol,:\fP a value between 0 and 100 
.RE
.PP

.SS "virtual bool engine::audio::IAudioSound::unpack ()\fC [virtual]\fP"
.PP
Unpacks an MP3 stream to make execution faster. 
.PP
Note that this should be used only for little effects, when a MP3 is unpacked you cannot control the position of the stream 

.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for LTE 3D Engine from the source code.
