.TH "engine::IStringParameters" 3 "29 Jul 2006" "LTE 3D Engine" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
engine::IStringParameters \- Provides a generic interface for parameters and their values as strings.  

.PP
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
\fC#include <IStringParameters.h>\fP
.PP
Inherits \fBengine::IUnknown\fP.
.PP
.SS "Public Member Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual void \fBsetParameter\fP (const c8 *parameterName, const c8 *value)=0"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual const c8 * \fBgetParameter\fP (const c8 *parameterName)=0"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual void \fBsetParameter\fP (const c8 *parameterName, bool value)=0"
.br
.RI "\fISets a parameter as boolean value. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual bool \fBgetParameterAsBool\fP (const c8 *parameterName)=0"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual void \fBsetParameter\fP (const c8 *parameterName, s32 value)=0"
.br
.RI "\fISets a parameter as integer value. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual s32 \fBgetParameterAsInt\fP (const c8 *parameterName)=0"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual void \fBsetParameter\fP (const c8 *parameterName, f32 value)=0"
.br
.RI "\fISets a parameter as float value. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual f32 \fBgetParameterAsFloat\fP (const c8 *parameterName)=0"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual s32 \fBgetParameterCount\fP ()=0"
.br
.RI "\fIReturns amount of string parameters set in this scene manager. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual const c8 * \fBgetParameterName\fP (s32 index)=0"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual const c8 * \fBgetParameterValue\fP (s32 index)=0"
.br
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 
Provides a generic interface for parameters and their values as strings. 
.PP
.SH "Member Function Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "virtual const c8* engine::IStringParameters::getParameter (const c8 * parameterName)\fC [pure virtual]\fP"
.PP
Gets a string parameter. 
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIparameterName,:\fP Name of the parameter to get. 
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
Returns value of the parameter previously set by \fBsetParameter()\fP as string or 0 if parameter is not set. 
.RE
.PP

.SS "virtual bool engine::IStringParameters::getParameterAsBool (const c8 * parameterName)\fC [pure virtual]\fP"
.PP
Gets a parameter as boolean value 
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIparameterName,:\fP Name of the parameter to get. 
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
Returns value of the parameter previously set by \fBsetParameter()\fP as bool or 0 if parameter is not set. 
.RE
.PP

.SS "virtual f32 engine::IStringParameters::getParameterAsFloat (const c8 * parameterName)\fC [pure virtual]\fP"
.PP
Gets a parameter as integer value 
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIparameterName,:\fP Name of the parameter to get. 
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
Returns value of the parameter previously set by \fBsetParameter()\fP as float value or 0 if parameter is not set. 
.RE
.PP

.SS "virtual s32 engine::IStringParameters::getParameterAsInt (const c8 * parameterName)\fC [pure virtual]\fP"
.PP
Gets a parameter as integer value 
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIparameterName,:\fP Name of the parameter to get. 
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
Returns value of the parameter previously set by \fBsetParameter()\fP as integer or 0 if parameter is not set. 
.RE
.PP

.SS "virtual const c8* engine::IStringParameters::getParameterName (s32 index)\fC [pure virtual]\fP"
.PP
Returns string parameter name by index. 
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIindex,:\fP Index value, must be between 0 and \fBgetParameterCount()\fP-1. 
.RE
.PP

.SS "virtual const c8* engine::IStringParameters::getParameterValue (s32 index)\fC [pure virtual]\fP"
.PP
Returns string parameter value by index. 
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIindex,:\fP Index value, must be between 0 and \fBgetParameterCount()\fP-1. 
.RE
.PP

.SS "virtual void engine::IStringParameters::setParameter (const c8 * parameterName, const c8 * value)\fC [pure virtual]\fP"
.PP
Sets a string parameter. 
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIparameterName,:\fP Name for the parameter 
.br
\fIvalue,:\fP Value for the parameter. Set this to 0 to delete the parameter 
.RE
.PP


.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for LTE 3D Engine from the source code.
