.TH "engine::video::IVideoModeList" 3 "29 Jul 2006" "LTE 3D Engine" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
engine::video::IVideoModeList \- A list of all available video modes.  

.PP
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
\fC#include <IVideoModeList.h>\fP
.PP
Inherits \fBengine::IUnknown\fP.
.PP
.SS "Public Member Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual \fB~IVideoModeList\fP ()"
.br
.RI "\fIdestructor \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual s32 \fBgetVideoModeCount\fP () const =0"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual \fBcore::dimension2d\fP< s32 > \fBgetVideoModeResolution\fP (s32 modeNumber) const =0"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual s32 \fBgetVideoModeDepth\fP (s32 modeNumber) const =0"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual \fBcore::dimension2d\fP< s32 > \fBgetDesktopResolution\fP () const =0"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual s32 \fBgetDesktopDepth\fP () const =0"
.br
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 
A list of all available video modes. 

You can get a list via engineDevice::getVideoModeList(). If you are confused now, because you think you have to create an engine Device with a video mode before being able to get the video mode list, let me tell you that there is no need to start up an engine Device with EDT_DIRECT3D8, EDT_OPENGL or DT_SOFTWARE: For this (and for lots of other reasons) the null device, DT_NULL exists. 
.PP
.SH "Member Function Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "virtual s32 engine::video::IVideoModeList::getDesktopDepth () const\fC [pure virtual]\fP"
.PP
Returns the pixel depth of a video mode in bits. 
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
Returns the size of each pixel of the current desktop video mode in bits. 
.RE
.PP

.SS "virtual \fBcore::dimension2d\fP<s32> engine::video::IVideoModeList::getDesktopResolution () const\fC [pure virtual]\fP"
.PP
Returns current desktop screen resolution. 
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
Returns size of screen in pixels of the current desktop video mode. 
.RE
.PP

.SS "virtual s32 engine::video::IVideoModeList::getVideoModeCount () const\fC [pure virtual]\fP"
.PP
Gets amount of video modes in the list. 
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
Returns amount of video modes. 
.RE
.PP

.SS "virtual s32 engine::video::IVideoModeList::getVideoModeDepth (s32 modeNumber) const\fC [pure virtual]\fP"
.PP
Returns the pixel depth of a video mode in bits. 
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fImodeNumber,:\fP zero based index of the video mode. 
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
Returns the size of each pixel of the specified video mode in bits. 
.RE
.PP

.SS "virtual \fBcore::dimension2d\fP<s32> engine::video::IVideoModeList::getVideoModeResolution (s32 modeNumber) const\fC [pure virtual]\fP"
.PP
Returns the screen size of a video mode in pixels. 
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fImodeNumber,:\fP zero based index of the video mode. 
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
Returns size of screen in pixels of the specified video mode. 
.RE
.PP


.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for LTE 3D Engine from the source code.
