.TH "engine::gui::IGUIFont" 3 "29 Jul 2006" "LTE 3D Engine" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
engine::gui::IGUIFont \- Font interface.  

.PP
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
\fC#include <IGUIFont.h>\fP
.PP
Inherits \fBengine::IUnknown\fP.
.PP
.SS "Public Member Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual \fB~IGUIFont\fP ()"
.br
.RI "\fIDestructor. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual void \fBdraw\fP (const wchar_t *text, const \fBcore::rect\fP< s32 > &position, \fBvideo::SColor\fP color, bool hcenter=false, bool vcenter=false, const \fBcore::rect\fP< s32 > *clip=0)=0"
.br
.RI "\fIDraws an text and clips it to the specified rectangle if wanted. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual \fBcore::dimension2d\fP< s32 > \fBgetDimension\fP (const wchar_t *text)=0"
.br
.RI "\fICalculates the dimension of a text. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual s32 \fBgetCharacterFromPos\fP (const wchar_t *text, s32 pixel_x)=0"
.br
.RI "\fICalculates the index of the character in the text which is on a specific position. \fP"
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 
Font interface. 
.PP
.SH "Member Function Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "virtual void engine::gui::IGUIFont::draw (const wchar_t * text, const \fBcore::rect\fP< s32 > & position, \fBvideo::SColor\fP color, bool hcenter = \fCfalse\fP, bool vcenter = \fCfalse\fP, const \fBcore::rect\fP< s32 > * clip = \fC0\fP)\fC [pure virtual]\fP"
.PP
Draws an text and clips it to the specified rectangle if wanted. 
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fItext,:\fP Text to draw 
.br
\fIposition,:\fP Rectangle specifying position where to draw the text. 
.br
\fIcolor,:\fP Color of the text 
.br
\fIhcenter,:\fP Specifiies if the text should be centered horizontally into the rectangle. 
.br
\fIvcenter,:\fP Specifiies if the text should be centered vertically into the rectangle. 
.br
\fIclip,:\fP Optional pointer to a rectalgle against which the text will be clipped. If the pointer is null, no clipping will be done. 
.RE
.PP

.SS "virtual s32 engine::gui::IGUIFont::getCharacterFromPos (const wchar_t * text, s32 pixel_x)\fC [pure virtual]\fP"
.PP
Calculates the index of the character in the text which is on a specific position. 
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fItext,:\fP Text string. 
.br
\fIpixel_x,:\fP X pixel position of which the index of the character will be returned. 
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
Returns zero based index of the character in the text, and -1 if no no character is on this position. (=the text is too short). 
.RE
.PP

.SS "virtual \fBcore::dimension2d\fP<s32> engine::gui::IGUIFont::getDimension (const wchar_t * text)\fC [pure virtual]\fP"
.PP
Calculates the dimension of a text. 
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
Returns width and height of the area covered by the text if it would be drawn. 
.RE
.PP


.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for LTE 3D Engine from the source code.
