.TH "engine::gui::IGUIButton" 3 "29 Jul 2006" "LTE 3D Engine" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
engine::gui::IGUIButton \- GUI Button interface.  

.PP
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
\fC#include <IGUIButton.h>\fP
.PP
Inherits \fBengine::gui::IGUIElement\fP.
.PP
.SS "Public Member Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBIGUIButton\fP (\fBIGUIEnvironment\fP *environment, \fBIGUIElement\fP *parent, s32 id, \fBcore::rect\fP< s32 > rectangle)"
.br
.RI "\fIconstructor \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "\fB~IGUIButton\fP ()"
.br
.RI "\fIdestructor \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual void \fBsetOverrideFont\fP (\fBIGUIFont\fP *font=0)=0"
.br
.RI "\fISets another skin independent font. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual void \fBsetImage\fP (\fBvideo::ITexture\fP *image)=0"
.br
.RI "\fISets an image which should be displayed on the button when it is in normal state. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual void \fBsetImage\fP (\fBvideo::ITexture\fP *image, const \fBcore::rect\fP< s32 > &pos)=0"
.br
.RI "\fISets an image which should be displayed on the button when it is in normal state. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual void \fBsetPressedImage\fP (\fBvideo::ITexture\fP *image)=0"
.br
.RI "\fISets an image which should be displayed on the button when it is in pressed state. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual void \fBsetPressedImage\fP (\fBvideo::ITexture\fP *image, const \fBcore::rect\fP< s32 > &pos)=0"
.br
.RI "\fISets an image which should be displayed on the button when it is in pressed state. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual void \fBsetIsPushButton\fP (bool isPushButton)=0"
.br
.RI "\fISets if the button should behave like a push button. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual void \fBsetPressed\fP (bool pressed)=0"
.br
.RI "\fISets the pressed state of the button if this is a pushbutton. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual bool \fBisPressed\fP ()=0"
.br
.RI "\fIReturns if the button is currently pressed. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual void \fBsetUseAlphaChannel\fP (bool useAlphaChannel)=0"
.br
.RI "\fISets if the alpha channel should be used for drawing images on the button (default is false). \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual bool \fBgetUseAlphaChannel\fP ()=0"
.br
.RI "\fIReturns if the alpha channel should be used for drawing images on the button. \fP"
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 
GUI Button interface. 
.PP
.SH "Member Function Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "virtual void engine::gui::IGUIButton::setImage (\fBvideo::ITexture\fP * image, const \fBcore::rect\fP< s32 > & pos)\fC [pure virtual]\fP"
.PP
Sets an image which should be displayed on the button when it is in normal state. 
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIimage,:\fP Texture containing the image to be displayed 
.br
\fIrect,:\fP Position in the texture, where the image is located 
.RE
.PP

.SS "virtual void engine::gui::IGUIButton::setImage (\fBvideo::ITexture\fP * image)\fC [pure virtual]\fP"
.PP
Sets an image which should be displayed on the button when it is in normal state. 
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIimage,:\fP Image to be displayed 
.RE
.PP

.SS "virtual void engine::gui::IGUIButton::setIsPushButton (bool isPushButton)\fC [pure virtual]\fP"
.PP
Sets if the button should behave like a push button. 
.PP
Which means it can be in two states: Normal or Pressed. With a click on the button, the user can change the state of the button. 
.SS "virtual void engine::gui::IGUIButton::setOverrideFont (\fBIGUIFont\fP * font = \fC0\fP)\fC [pure virtual]\fP"
.PP
Sets another skin independent font. 
.PP
If this is set to zero, the button uses the font of the skin. 
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIfont,:\fP New font to set. 
.RE
.PP

.SS "virtual void engine::gui::IGUIButton::setPressedImage (\fBvideo::ITexture\fP * image, const \fBcore::rect\fP< s32 > & pos)\fC [pure virtual]\fP"
.PP
Sets an image which should be displayed on the button when it is in pressed state. 
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIimage,:\fP Texture containing the image to be displayed 
.br
\fIrect,:\fP Position in the texture, where the image is located 
.RE
.PP

.SS "virtual void engine::gui::IGUIButton::setPressedImage (\fBvideo::ITexture\fP * image)\fC [pure virtual]\fP"
.PP
Sets an image which should be displayed on the button when it is in pressed state. 
.PP
If no images is specified for the pressed state via \fBsetPressedImage()\fP, this image is also drawn in pressed state. 
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIimage,:\fP Image to be displayed 
.RE
.PP


.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for LTE 3D Engine from the source code.
