.TH "engine::gui::IGUITabControl" 3 "29 Jul 2006" "LTE 3D Engine" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
engine::gui::IGUITabControl \- A standard tab control.  

.PP
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
\fC#include <IGUITabControl.h>\fP
.PP
Inherits \fBengine::gui::IGUIElement\fP.
.PP
.SS "Public Member Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBIGUITabControl\fP (\fBIGUIEnvironment\fP *environment, \fBIGUIElement\fP *parent, s32 id, \fBcore::rect\fP< s32 > rectangle)"
.br
.RI "\fIconstructor \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual \fB~IGUITabControl\fP ()"
.br
.RI "\fIdestructor \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual \fBIGUITab\fP * \fBaddTab\fP (wchar_t *caption, s32 id=-1)=0"
.br
.RI "\fIAdds a tab. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual s32 \fBgetTabcount\fP ()=0"
.br
.RI "\fIReturns amount of tabs in the tabcontrol. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual \fBIGUITab\fP * \fBgetTab\fP (s32 idx)=0"
.br
.RI "\fIReturns a tab based on zero based index. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual bool \fBsetActiveTab\fP (s32 idx)=0"
.br
.RI "\fIBrings a tab to front. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual s32 \fBgetActiveTab\fP ()=0"
.br
.RI "\fIReturns which tab is currently active. \fP"
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 
A standard tab control. 
.PP
.SH "Member Function Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "virtual \fBIGUITab\fP* engine::gui::IGUITabControl::getTab (s32 idx)\fC [pure virtual]\fP"
.PP
Returns a tab based on zero based index. 
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIidx,:\fP zero based index of tab. Is a value betwenn 0 and \fBgetTabcount()\fP-1; 
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
Returns pointer to the Tab. Returns 0 if no tab is corresponding to this tab. 
.RE
.PP

.SS "virtual bool engine::gui::IGUITabControl::setActiveTab (s32 idx)\fC [pure virtual]\fP"
.PP
Brings a tab to front. 
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIidx,:\fP number of the tab. 
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
Returns true if successful. 
.RE
.PP


.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for LTE 3D Engine from the source code.
