.TH "engine::io::IReadFile" 3 "29 Jul 2006" "LTE 3D Engine" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
engine::io::IReadFile \- Interface providing read acess to a file.  

.PP
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
\fC#include <IReadFile.h>\fP
.PP
Inherits \fBengine::IUnknown\fP.
.PP
.SS "Public Member Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual s32 \fBread\fP (void *buffer, s32 sizeToRead)=0"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual bool \fBseek\fP (s32 finalPos, bool relativeMovement=false)=0"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual s32 \fBgetSize\fP ()=0"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual s32 \fBgetPos\fP ()=0"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual const c8 * \fBgetFileName\fP ()=0"
.br
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 
Interface providing read acess to a file. 
.PP
.SH "Member Function Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "virtual const c8* engine::io::IReadFile::getFileName ()\fC [pure virtual]\fP"
.PP
Returns name of file. 
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
Returns the file name as zero terminated character string. 
.RE
.PP

.SS "virtual s32 engine::io::IReadFile::getPos ()\fC [pure virtual]\fP"
.PP
Returns the current position in the file. 
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
Returns the current position in the file in bytes. 
.RE
.PP

.SS "virtual s32 engine::io::IReadFile::getSize ()\fC [pure virtual]\fP"
.PP
Returns size of file. 
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
Returns the size of the file in bytes. 
.RE
.PP

.SS "virtual s32 engine::io::IReadFile::read (void * buffer, s32 sizeToRead)\fC [pure virtual]\fP"
.PP
Reads an amount of bytes from the file. 
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIbuffer,:\fP Pointer to buffer where to read bytes will be written to. 
.br
\fIsizeToRead,:\fP Amount of bytes to read from the file. 
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
Returns how much bytes were read. 
.RE
.PP

.SS "virtual bool engine::io::IReadFile::seek (s32 finalPos, bool relativeMovement = \fCfalse\fP)\fC [pure virtual]\fP"
.PP
Changes position in file, returns true if successful. 
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIfinalPos,:\fP Destination position in the file. 
.br
\fIrelativeMovement,:\fP If set to true, the position in the file is changed relative to current position. Otherwise the position is changed from begin of file. 
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
Returns true if successful, otherwise false. 
.RE
.PP


.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for LTE 3D Engine from the source code.
