.TH "engine::io::IXMLWriter" 3 "29 Jul 2006" "LTE 3D Engine" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
engine::io::IXMLWriter \- Interface providing methods for making it easier to write XML files.  

.PP
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
\fC#include <IXMLWriter.h>\fP
.PP
Inherits \fBengine::IUnknown\fP.
.PP
.SS "Public Member Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual \fB~IXMLWriter\fP ()"
.br
.RI "\fIDestructor. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual void \fBwriteXMLHeader\fP ()=0"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual void \fBwriteElement\fP (const wchar_t *name, bool empty=false, const wchar_t *attr1Name=0, const wchar_t *attr1Value=0, const wchar_t *attr2Name=0, const wchar_t *attr2Value=0, const wchar_t *attr3Name=0, const wchar_t *attr3Value=0, const wchar_t *attr4Name=0, const wchar_t *attr4Value=0, const wchar_t *attr5Name=0, const wchar_t *attr5Value=0)=0"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual void \fBwriteComment\fP (const wchar_t *comment)=0"
.br
.RI "\fIWrites a comment into the xml file. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual void \fBwriteClosingTag\fP (const wchar_t *name)=0"
.br
.RI "\fIWrites the closing tag for an element. Like </foo>. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual void \fBwriteText\fP (const wchar_t *text)=0"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual void \fBwriteLineBreak\fP ()=0"
.br
.RI "\fIWrites a line break. \fP"
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 
Interface providing methods for making it easier to write XML files. 

This XML Writer only writes UTF-16 xml files, because these are parsed faster than all other formats by IXMLReader. 
.PP
.SH "Member Function Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "virtual void engine::io::IXMLWriter::writeElement (const wchar_t * name, bool empty = \fCfalse\fP, const wchar_t * attr1Name = \fC0\fP, const wchar_t * attr1Value = \fC0\fP, const wchar_t * attr2Name = \fC0\fP, const wchar_t * attr2Value = \fC0\fP, const wchar_t * attr3Name = \fC0\fP, const wchar_t * attr3Value = \fC0\fP, const wchar_t * attr4Name = \fC0\fP, const wchar_t * attr4Value = \fC0\fP, const wchar_t * attr5Name = \fC0\fP, const wchar_t * attr5Value = \fC0\fP)\fC [pure virtual]\fP"
.PP
Writes an xml element with maximal 5 attributes like <foo> or <foo optattr='value'>. The element can be empty or not. 
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIname,:\fP Name of the element 
.br
\fIempty,:\fP Specifies if the element should be empty. Like <foo>. If You set this to false, something like this is written instead: <foo>. 
.RE
.PP

.SS "virtual void engine::io::IXMLWriter::writeText (const wchar_t * text)\fC [pure virtual]\fP"
.PP
Writes a text into the file. All occurrences of special characters like & (&), < (<), > (>), and ' (") are automaticly replaced. 
.SS "virtual void engine::io::IXMLWriter::writeXMLHeader ()\fC [pure virtual]\fP"
.PP
Writes a xml 1.0 header like <?xml version='1.0'?>. This should always be called before writing anything other, because also the text file header for unicode texts is written out with this method. 

.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for LTE 3D Engine from the source code.
