.TH "engine::gui::IGUIStaticText" 3 "29 Jul 2006" "LTE 3D Engine" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
engine::gui::IGUIStaticText \- Multi or single line text label.  

.PP
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
\fC#include <IGUIStaticText.h>\fP
.PP
Inherits \fBengine::gui::IGUIElement\fP.
.PP
.SS "Public Member Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBIGUIStaticText\fP (\fBIGUIEnvironment\fP *environment, \fBIGUIElement\fP *parent, s32 id, \fBcore::rect\fP< s32 > rectangle)"
.br
.RI "\fIconstructor \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "\fB~IGUIStaticText\fP ()"
.br
.RI "\fIdestructor \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual void \fBsetOverrideFont\fP (\fBIGUIFont\fP *font=0)=0"
.br
.RI "\fISets another skin independent font. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual void \fBsetOverrideColor\fP (\fBvideo::SColor\fP color)=0"
.br
.RI "\fISets another color for the text. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual void \fBenableOverrideColor\fP (bool enable)=0"
.br
.RI "\fISets if the static text should use the overide color or the color in the gui skin. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual void \fBsetWordWrap\fP (bool enable)=0"
.br
.RI "\fIEnables or disables word wrap for using the static text as multiline text control. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual s32 \fBgetTextHeight\fP ()=0"
.br
.RI "\fIReturns the height of the text in pixels when it is drawn. \fP"
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 
Multi or single line text label. 
.PP
.SH "Member Function Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "virtual void engine::gui::IGUIStaticText::enableOverrideColor (bool enable)\fC [pure virtual]\fP"
.PP
Sets if the static text should use the overide color or the color in the gui skin. 
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIenable,:\fP If set to true, the override color, which can be set with \fBIGUIStaticText::setOverrideColor\fP is used, otherwise the EGDC_BUTTON_TEXT color of the skin. 
.RE
.PP

.SS "virtual s32 engine::gui::IGUIStaticText::getTextHeight ()\fC [pure virtual]\fP"
.PP
Returns the height of the text in pixels when it is drawn. 
.PP
This is useful for adjusting the layout of gui elements based on the height of the multiline text in this element. 
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
Returns height of text in pixels. 
.RE
.PP

.SS "virtual void engine::gui::IGUIStaticText::setOverrideColor (\fBvideo::SColor\fP color)\fC [pure virtual]\fP"
.PP
Sets another color for the text. 
.PP
If set, the static text does not use the EGDC_BUTTON_TEXT color defined in the skin, but the set color instead. You don't need to call IGUIStaticText::enableOverrrideColor(true) after this, this is done by this function. If you set a color, and you want the text displayed with the color of the skin again, call IGUIStaticText::enableOverrideColor(false); 
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIcolor,:\fP New color of the text. 
.RE
.PP

.SS "virtual void engine::gui::IGUIStaticText::setOverrideFont (\fBIGUIFont\fP * font = \fC0\fP)\fC [pure virtual]\fP"
.PP
Sets another skin independent font. 
.PP
If this is set to zero, the button uses the font of the skin. 
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIfont,:\fP New font to set. 
.RE
.PP

.SS "virtual void engine::gui::IGUIStaticText::setWordWrap (bool enable)\fC [pure virtual]\fP"
.PP
Enables or disables word wrap for using the static text as multiline text control. 
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIenable,:\fP If set to true, words going over one line are breaked to the next line. 
.RE
.PP


.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for LTE 3D Engine from the source code.
